Do you remember the story
of a girl who lived a life of cinders,
and how she found true love
because she kept a beautiful dream
in her heart?
Of course it helped that she had
mouse friends who could sew
and a Fairy Godmother
who could do wonders with pumpkins.
Well, that girl is me.
CINDERELLA  3
A TWIST IN TIME
What a perfectly perfect life
It's a fairy tale come true
I'm a princess and a wife
all because I fit a shoe
When I dreamed of love
who'd have guessed I'd end up here
At the end of a perfectly perfect year
Would my perfectly perfect wife
put on her perfectly fitting shoes?
You found my shoes.
Better hurry. Fairy Godmother's waiting.
What were the mice
using them for this time?
Boats.
There.
Oh, what a wonderfully
perfectly perfect year!
Why should we have to do the chores?
I would rather rot in jail
Washing dishes and scrubbing floors
That's just great
I broke a nail
Cinderella is in the palace
living a life of luxury
And we've not once
been invited to a ball
-Or even tea
-Why don't I get a happy ending?
Where's the prince who'll marry me?
When will this horrible
nightmare disappear?
Pathetic.
Oh, what a perfectly
miserably awful year
Give me your hand.
Somewhere there must be
Someone who'll love me
And show me a world that I never knew
He'll ask for my hand
And I'll say "I do"
Oh, wouldn't it be finer than fine
If that perfectly perfect love
Were mine
He's a perfectly charming prince
She's a charmingly perfect lass
They've lived happily ever
since she fit the slipper
Made of glass
Take your places everyone
The time is drawing near to celebrate
A perfectly perfect year
Surprise!
A perfect anniversary party
That we planned for you
And I threw in some magic
With a bibbidi-bobbidi-boo
Just like the night I sent you to the ball
So that's how Cinderella did it. Magic.
On this perfectly perfect day
there is magic in the air
Gee, I wonder if that old lady
has a wand that she could spare
What could ever come between us?
I would gladly volunteer
And as for the future
Well, it's perfectly clear
-It's sure to be another magically
-Tragically
Perfectly perfect year
Perfect!
Mother! Mother!
Mother!
Anastasia, where have you been?
-Slacking off again.
-Mother, our troubles are over!
A stick?
Let's beat her with it.
No, no, no, no. Not a stick.
A magic wand.
Well, she finally cracked.
I saw this nutty old woman and zap!
She gave Cinderella the beautiful gown
and, oh, the Prince.
-I blame the housework.
-I'll prove it to you.
What were those words again?
Wappity-pappity-poo?
Skip-skip-scadoo? No, I know it.
I know it. I think.
Oh, no, I've got it. I've got it.
Bibbidi-bobbidi...
There it is!
Child, put that down!
In the wrong hands that wand
could be extremely dangerous.
Now, now give it back to me
you silly little goose.
No way, Grandma. Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo!
Look what you've done.
Now give me back my wand.
No, I need it,
you silly old garden gnome!
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo!
Hello? Hello... Hello, Grandma?
I... I'm sorry.
Oh, I didn't mean to hurt you.
So this is how Cinderella did it.
What delicious irony.
Do you realize what this means, girls?
Yes! No more laundry!
It means power, riches,
revenge.
I wanna be dirty, filthy, stinking rich!
I want a prince of my own!
Please, please, please.
-Give it to me!
-No, give it to me!
Girls! Girls!
First things first.
Now, Cinderella,
to undo your trickery
and take what's rightfully ours,
I call upon all the forces of the universe!
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo!
Reverse the moon and sun,
turn back tide and time,
unravel Cinderella's happily ever after
to the moment my troubles began!
Stop!
-Wow.
The Grand Duke!
It worked.
Magnificent!
And no one knows except us.
Get ready. This is your second chance.
Don't waste it.
Where's Cinderella?
She's exactly where she was
the first time.
Cinderelly!
The Grand Duke!
Your Excellence.
Your Grace.
His Grace will now read the royal...
Pardon me, but we're all aware
of His Grace's purpose.
Perhaps we should just get on with it.
Quite, madam. Quite.
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo.
It fits!
It fits?
Mother, it fits.
Gee. I wonder if it fits.
It fits, it fits! Oh, Mother!
I'm gonna get my prince!
Grace and poise, my dear!
I hereby declare
that we have found
the Prince's bride-to-be.
We must return to the palace at once!
No. It can't be.
Would Your Grace excuse me?
I must have a word with my maid.
You look confused, dear.
How could the slipper
have fit Anastasia?
I danced with the Prince.
That was my slipper.
Here, I have the other one.
I'm the one he's looking for.
You may have danced with him.
You may even have thought it was love.
But the slipper fits Anastasia,
and that's who he's marrying.
Whatever you think happened
last night was a dream.
I don't care where you go
or what you do,
but you stay away from the palace.
Stay away from the Prince.
And clean up that broken glass.
What just a-happened?
I... I don't understand.
I've...
I've always dreamed
That my life could be
Like a fairy tale
A perfect fantasy
Every day a new adventure
On some undiscovered shore
Was it nothing more
Than a dream?
Then one magic night
With a single dance
I found more than
just a storybook romance
And for once my life was perfect
As we glided 'cross the floor
And it was so much more
So much more than a dream
I could say it never happened
Just a dream from the start
But then I'd live my life
With a broken heart
No, no. No cry, Gus-Gus.
Princey knows he danced
with Cinderelly.
Yes, of course he does.
If I just see him again...
Yeah, yeah, see Princey!
Yes. Everything will be all right.
-Everything will be all right.
-Duh... Yeah, yeah!
'Cause in a prince's arms
I've found a love I can't deny
If there's any chance to set things right
I've simply got to try
So I'll trust my heart
What else can I do?
I can't live in dreams
If my dreams are to come true
There's a better life that's waiting
Past the mountains I must climb
I will take a chance on love
to get my once upon a time
Oh, I want so much more
So much more
Than a dream
Cinderelly, big blue guards.
Gus-Gus handle 'em.
Let me at 'em! Let me at 'em!
Let's try the servant's entrance first.
-Good morning, sir.
-Good morning.
-Onions for the King.
-Well done.
Strawberries, sir.
Keep out of sight.
The King is waiting. There you are.
-The King will enjoy them.
-They're his favorite.
Now, all we have to do is find him
and everything will be...
Stop! You there.
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
I...
I'm in charge of all the servants
in this castle,
and I've never seen you before.
What is your purpose?
My purpose. Well... I... I...
I'm the royal mouse catcher.
Royal mouse catcher? Preposterous.
Snap 'em and trap 'em.
That's my motto.
Oh, no!
In the 30 years
that I have supervised
this castle,
I can assure you there has never
ever been a single, solitary...
Mouse!
-Where is it?
-Mice!
Oh, please, let me help.
This is my kitchen. I'll take care of it!
Take that!
And that! Vile vermin!
Please, I can handle this!
Not now!
I've got them on the run!
Really, I can help.
There he is! I got him! I got him!
So then, I'll just go get those mice.
Come on, guys.
Nice work.
If we split up,
we'll find the Prince faster.
Split up! Righty-o!
-But, Dad...
-Those aren't reasons!
Breeding, refinement!
These are the reasons
to marry someone.
Not their choice in transparent footwear!
Nice parry.
Thanks.
It's not about the slipper.
It's the girl in the slipper.
She was... Well, she was...
She was what?
Well, she was the one.
I know it.
You think there's only
one woman in the kingdom
who wears a size four and a half?
It's all I have to go on here.
Oh, poppycock!
You remember when you met Mom?
You said the first time
you touched her hand
you just knew, instantly.
The stars were brighter that night.
Dad, you found true love.
That's all I want.
They found her!
Zug-zug!
Now, if you ladies
would please have a seat,
the Prince will be right with you.
My Prince!
Your Highness!
Oh, hello.
Am I in the right room?
Of course I'm in the right room.
Well, there...
There seems to be a little mix-up here.
I assure you, Your Highness,
the slipper fits my daughter's foot.
See? See?
How could he miss it?
Yeah, I see.
It's just that I was expecting...
Well, someone else.
I really do feel awful about this.
But the royal proclamation declared...
Yes, but it would appear that
more than one girl
actually fits the slipper.
I'm very sorry
to have inconvenienced you.
Why don't I have the Grand Duke
escort you home safely.
If you'll please excuse me.
-But... But...
-Quiet!
You will forget who you danced
with at the ball,
and marry the girl who fits the slipper
tonight. Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo.
Wait. Hold the trumpet!
It's all coming back.
It is you.
Please. Please tell me your name.
It's Anastasia.
Anastasia.
Well, I... I know it's sudden,
but will you marry me?
Yes!
Yes.
I... I mean, yes. Definitely yes.
I will marry you.
Excellent.
The ceremony will take place tonight.
I trust that meets
with your approval, Sire.
The sooner the better.
Splendid. Then tonight
we will have a new princess.
Wonderful. I'll go tell my father.
Not good!
We have to find Cinderelly, Gus-Gus!
I feel better already.
Grace and poise, girls.
Just remember, grace and poise.
Right. Grace and poise.
Oh, look, a harp.
Lucifer?
Lucifer! Come here!
Your Highness.
Yes?
Hello.
It's wonderful to see you again.
I'm sorry, have we met?
I believe we danced last night
at the ball.
Well... Maybe you've mistaken me
for some other prince.
I don't think so.
You are quite the dancer.
Well, it wasn't just me.
It was the lady I was
dancing with.
Oh, Your Highness.
As a matter of fact, I'm gonna marry her.
Marry? Really?
Yes! Tonight.
Tonight?
Once you dance
with someone like Anastasia,
you don't want to waste any time.
Did you say Anastasia?
Yes.
But...
Well... I guess I better be going.
I've got to tell my father.
-But that's not right.
-I'm sorry?
You there. Royal mouse catcher!
I need you this...
I'm sorry, Your Grace. I didn't realize...
I was the one...
I need her this instant!
Please excuse us, Your Highness?
Please. I'm sorry, just one moment.
No, no, no.
Of course, I can see you're busy.
I'll... I'll let you go.
But it was me.
Start here! I want this castle
completely rodent-free
in time for the wedding.
Cinderelly! Cinderelly!
Gus?
Cinderelly!
We found Princey!
I did, too.
But he doesn't even know who I am.
No, no, no!
It's a-magic.
What? What are you talking about?
Stepmother?
-Fairy Godmother?
-Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo.
She stole it?
-Boo-hoo-hoo!
-I show Princey!
Princey! Princey!
My Cinderelly awaits.
Princey, you will marry Anastasia.
Anesthesia.
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo.
She made him forget who I am.
Magic! That explains it.
Boys, we have to get that wand!
Madame, the King himself
has instructed me
to be solely in charge of this affair.
I assure you I have it
entirely under control.
Oh, really?
Look at that!
It's perfect!
They smell lovely.
Dispose of those roses at once.
Anastasia's health is quite...
...delicate.
I'm quite sure I mentioned that to you.
-Madam, I do not...
-Quite sure.
Yes.
Well, perhaps the young ladies
would like to sample the hors d'oeuvres.
Your Grace, a word.
These preparations
are entirely unacceptable.
What a pig!
Who's the pig now?
You call this a cake?
This wedding must reflect
my daughter's elegance.
Drizella will be singing in the ceremony.
Are you sure that's a good idea?
Wait till you meet her, Dad.
She has everything.
-Breeding, refinement...
-Yes, yes.
No!
Are we in the right room?
You! How could you let this happen?
Don't mind this.
I shall have it cleaned up in no time.
See that you do!
I want this wedding
to go off without a hitch.
And if it doesn't...
Oh, no! Please, Sire.
I can explain. I, well, you see...
Father, allow me introduce
my bride-to-be, Anastasia.
Anastasia, this is my dad.
It is an honor, Your Majesty.
Charmed, I'm sure.
So who's up for a dance?
Your little escapade back there
could have cost us everything!
Don't ruin this!
Go get him, twinkle toes.
I don't dance much.
You're too modest.
That's how we met, remember?
Oh, right. Of course.
I'll never forget when I first touched
your hand.
I'm sorry.
It won't happen again.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Oh, dear.
Are you okay?
Sorry, these aren't my shoes.
I mean, what am I saying?
Of course they're my shoes.
I just don't know
what's wrong with me today.
Oh, no, no, it was my fault.
I'm afraid I'm just not up-to-date
on the latest dance steps.
Sire, if I may, your fitting.
Oh, yes. This was fun. Thank you.
Well, if you'll please excuse me.
Come along, Sire.
And after the fitting,
we must approve the butter sculpture.
I think it's a stunning likeness.
Well, no grace, no poise.
Other than that, it was lovely.
He was nice to me.
That's because he's under a spell.
He'd have to be, to fall for you.
It's more than that.
Ladies!
Your Majesty!
I need to speak with my
future daughter-in-law immediately.
Alone!
Let's make a run for it while we can.
No, Sire, Sire, I'll have a dozen
dance instructors sent in immediately.
Something's wrong.
An army of dance instructors.
No, no.
I thought... Why, I was sure
it was Anastasia last night.
But...
Well, just now when I touched her hand,
I felt
nothing.
I can explain everything, Your Majesty.
I have this... This inner ear thing and...
You, my dear, are a dreadful dancer.
Yes, I know, Your Majesty.
Reminds me of my queen.
She trod on my feet, too.
But she took
very good care of my heart.
Come here, my dear.
I want to show you something.
A princess is bestowed
with many riches.
Land, jewels, horses.
But today I wish to give you
something much more valuable.
Isn't it lovely?
A seashell?
This shell was the queen's
most treasured possession.
We found it while walking
by the water the day we met.
You see, we reached for it
at the same moment,
and when our hands touched
that's when I knew I had found true love.
You knew that
just by touching her hand?
There's no more powerful force
in the world than true love.
Well, that's all. Run along, now.
-Run along.
-Thank you, Your Majesty.
I do.
Oh, I do.
I do. I do.
I really do.
Oh, I do.
Now there is finally someone
to love me
He'll show me a world
that I never knew
With two simple words
all my dreams will come true
I do
You go get the Prince.
Bigger!
Let's try this!
Oh, that's gorgeous.
Lovely.
Drizella, stop that this instant!
This wand is not a toy.
It's in the dresser. Key's in her pocket.
I've got to get in there.
Cinderelly! They'll see you!
-Yeah, too dangerous.
-But I...
We'll take care of it!
I do.
I do. I do.
All right, but whatever you do,
stay clear of Lucifer.
Zug-zug. No Lucifee.
What happened?
What did the King say?
He's really very nice.
He gave me
his most prized possession.
A seashell?
It's a symbol of true love.
Oh, please.
-How special.
-He said that his heart...
What is love compared
to the power we hold with the wand?
You will learn that soon enough.
I want the Prince to love me.
I think he could.
Oh, you're serious.
Well, the King likes me, too.
He treated me like his own daughter.
Maybe we shouldn't be doing this.
Maybe I should have put on the slipper.
Maybe we don't even need the wand.
Somebody put out the cat!
Lucifer! Oh, hold still! Stop!
Lucifer!
Someone fetch the housekeeper.
Housekeeping.
Well, you certainly came quickly.
We're very good.
Clean this up. My daughter needs her
beauty sleep before tonight's wedding.
Think that'll be enough time?
Keep out of the maid's way, girls.
There's a lot to do before the wedding.
Isn't that right, Cinderella?
I didn't know you worked here.
You're far more persistent
than I thought.
I won't let you get away with this.
-We already have.
-I don't think so.
Jaq! Gus!
The wand!
Us a-coming, Cinderelly!
Yeah!
That servant girl is a thief! Get her!
Zug-zug.
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo.
Stop! Thief!
-Seize her at once!
-Don't move! Hold it!
Halt in the name of the King!
You incompetent fools!
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo!
Gus-Gus!
Run, Gus-Gus!
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo!
There she is! We've got her.
You there, halt!
Halt!
Open up in the name of the King!
Oh, hello.
Oh! Hey! What's going on?
All right, I'm coming.
Cinderelly!
Open up, I say!
Gus-Gus!
Catch.
Open up in the name of the King!
Lift the spell. Let him remember.
Bibbidi-bobbidi...
No!
-What's going on?
-My apologies.
It's a problem with my maid.
-It's under control.
-Are you okay?
-This servant girl is a thief.
-I am not a thief.
You're under a spell. That's why
you don't remember me. Please!
Just listen!
Let go!
Poor child. Obviously out of her mind.
I hope she'll be all right.
She seemed, you know,
nice when I met her.
Well, maybe a little confused, but,
still there's something about her...
Oh, don't trouble yourself,
Your Highness.
I'll see to it, personally,
that she gets all the help she needs.
Nice try, but we won!
You won? What do you mean?
Well...
Nothing.
I...
You'll see she's taken care of?
Personally, Your Highness.
Put her on the next ship
leaving the kingdom.
I want her banished forever.
And you...
Keep your mouth shut or you're next.
Quite fetching.
Careful with those pins down there.
Dad, something strange is going on.
I'll say. My son is finally getting married.
No. No, I mean something's wrong.
Oh, nonsense, my boy. You wanted
the girl who fit the glass slipper.
-Yes, but...
-Now you've got her.
Hey.
That's what I'm worried about.
Hey, Princey! Prince!
-Over here!
-Princey!
-Me?
-Yes, you. Let's go.
Okay, first birds, now mice.
Come on!
Hello?
Hello? Little mice?
Well, it's official. I've lost my mind.
First I was hijacked by birds,
and now I'm talking to imaginary mice.
Hey, Prince-Prince! Down here!
Okay.
Maybe not so imaginary.
Stepmother got a magic wand,
put spell on you. Fooled everyone.
...came to the palace to marry you!
Wait, hold on. Hold on.
I think I understand.
Actually, I got nothing.
What should we gonna do?
You were dancing
with a very pretty girl
-Pretty girl
-At midnight she ran off
-In such a whirl
-Such a whirl
Her name was Cinderelly
She's the servant girl you met
She's the one you want to marry
Don't forget!
-At the ball, at the ball
Cinderelly was the maiden at the ball
No, I danced with Anastasia at the ball.
No, no. Princey only think that
because of Cinderelly's stepmother.
Yeah, mean old lady.
With a magic wand
she cast a wicked spell
Wicked spell
Which is why Princey isn't feeling well
-Not so well
-You've forgotten Cinderelly
And the dance you shared last night
But we know it's not too late
to set things right
'Cause at the ball!
At the ball! At the ball!
-Yeah, at the ball
-Cinderelly was the maiden at the ball
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Wait!
You're telling me
I'm under a magic spell?
And here's the worst part.
When Cinderelly tried her best
to take a stand
Take a stand
Mean old lady had her
banished from the land
Gus-Gus!
Sorry.
Cinderelly's on a ship
that's gonna sail her far away
It's up to Princey-Prince
to save the day
'Cause at the ball
At the ball
-At the ball
-What a ball
Cinderelly won your heart
Now magic's keeping you apart
And she'll soon be gone forever
Unless you can recall
That Cinderelly
was the maiden at the ball
At the ball!
Magic?
Magic made me think Anastasia
was the girl at the ball?
That would explain everything.
Yeah!
What? The servant girl?
This Cinderelly? This belongs to her?
-Yeah! Yeah!
-I have to find her.
-One more time.
-Yeah.
At the ball! At the ball!
We showed ol' Princey after all
That Cinderelly was the maiden
At the ball!
Oh, thanks.
And loved the song.
-Go! Go! Go, Princey! Shoo! Shoo!
-Go! Go!
I have to go.
Go? But you're about to be married.
But the talking mice
say she's the wrong girl.
Son, wait!
Son! Talking mice? Son?
-And two bluebirds.
-Talking bluebirds?
No, the bluebirds weren't talking.
Look, Dad...
This is ridiculous.
You agreed to marry the girl
in the glass slipper.
-I was completely with you on that one.
-And I will.
Just as soon as I find her.
I forbid you
to take another step down these stairs!
Okay.
Son! Come back!
We'll find you a doctor.
We'll have you leeched.
We've got to get...
Guards!
The servant girl. Where is she?
Guards! He's gone completely mad!
-Your Majesty!
-Stop my son.
Your blood pressure!
Stop! Stop!
Dad, trust me.
Son! I do trust you.
It's the talking mice I'm worried about.
Son!
Close the gates! Close the gates!
It'll be fine. Don't look up.
Good boy.
-Yeah!
-Go get her, Princey!
I'll send the troops after him at once,
Your Majesty.
No, let him go.
But... But, Your Majesty, the wedding.
Let him go.
Time to go.
All hands on deck.
I've always dreamed
That my life could be
Like a fairy tale
A perfect fantasy
But it was nothing more
Than a dream
Loose the mainsail!
Come on, boy! Nothing to it.
Remember me?
Will you marry me, Cinderelly?
Yes, but...
Actually, it's Cinderella.
Cinderella!
-It's not over yet!
-What?
He thinks he can ruin my plans.
-I think not.
-Who?
The Prince. He's gone after Cinderella.
-But I thought he loved me.
-Mother!
Guards! Guards!
It's no use. The magic didn't work.
It wasn't as powerful as their...
-You want the Prince to love you?
-Open up!
Well, yes. Yes, of course I do.
More than anything.
-Then do exactly as I say.
-Open up!
Open up in the name of the King!
Using magic on my son. The nerve.
Your Majesty, we've gone over
every inch of the castle.
It appears they have fled.
Then search my entire kingdom!
I want them found and arrested,
immediately!
Keep in mind that I'm an old man
and my heart can only take so much.
Please, please, please,
tell me that this is the girl
you intend to marry.
All the stars are shining brighter, Dad,
just like you said.
Then what are we waiting for?
Fetch the florist!
Bake an even bigger cake.
The wedding is on tonight!
No. This a way?
No, no, no, no, thatta way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yes.
Thank you.
How lovely you look, my dear.
Stepmother?
It appears you were right, Cinderella.
The Prince does want to marry you.
And marry you he shall.
Anastasia.
Anastasia!
Or should I say "Cinderella."
What have you done?
The Prince won't be fooled.
The Prince will never know.
He'll be perfectly happy.
But will you, Anastasia?
Will you be happy?
I... I want what you had.
But do you even love him?
-I...
-Love! Look where it's gotten you.
Cinderelly!
What's happened, Cinderelly?
Lucifer, make absolutely certain
they don't come back
alive.
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo.
Lucifer?
We need to stop this thing.
Right away, Cinderelly.
Okay, okay. Chop-chop.
Gus, can you reach the pin?
Zug-zug.
Gus-Gus!
Jaq!
Gus, hold on!
Lucifer!
Let him go!
Gus!
Bad kitty!
Jaq! Gus!
Now what are we gonna do?
Well, I'm not gonna
miss my own wedding.
Oh, thank you, my dear.
This is all his mother
and I have ever wanted.
To know that our son
has found his true love.
So, you know it's love when
you touch someone's hand, right?
At least, that's what I've heard.
Why, yes!
That's what I've always thought.
Dearly beloved...
So far, so good, Your Majesty.
He's not married yet.
...to join together this man
and this woman...
My one and only Cinderella.
...in matrimony.
We're almost there.
Halt!
...Cinderella, take this man
as your lawfully
wedded husband?
You don't understand, I must get inside.
-Please.
-Just say it. Say, "I do."
I...
I
don't.
Anastasia.
Cinderella.
Spoiled little ingrate.
I've given you everything
you ever wanted, Anastasia!
But I want someone to love me, for me.
Guards! Guards! Seize that woman!
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo!
-And now for you!
-Turn her into a toad, Mother.
Stop! No more!
-Even better.
-Cinderella!
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo!
No!
This is the real Cinderella,
your true love.
It's you.
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo.
I can't take much more of this.
Anastasia.
Thank you.
Bibbidi-bobbidi...
Boo.
Oh, goodness! I certainly am stiff.
Your Majesty,
I don't deserve this.
Everyone deserves true love.
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo.
Thank you.
Would you like me to return you
to your former lives?
Former lives?
Why, yes. You see, you two...
Well, you were already...
Oh, never mind.
Well? Does anyone want
to marry my son?
I do.
I now pronounce you husband and wife.
And they lived happily ever after,
again.
Somehow I know I will find a way
To a brighter day
In the sun
Somewhere I know that he waits for me
Someday soon he'll see
I'm the one
I won't give up on this feeling
And nothing could keep me away
'Cause I still believe in destiny
That you and I were meant to be
I still wish on the stars
as they fall from above
'Cause I still believe
Believe in love
I know what's real cannot be denied
Although it may hide
For a while
With just one touch
love can conquer fears
Turning all your tears
Into smiles
It's such a wondrous feeling
I know that my heart can't be wrong
'Cause I still believe in destiny
That you and I were meant to be
I still wish on the stars
as they fall from above
'Cause I still believe
Believe in love
Love can make miracles
Change everything
Lift you from the darkness
And make your heart sing
Love is forever
When you fall
It's the greatest power
Of all
'Cause I still believe in destiny
That you and I were meant to be
I still wish on the stars
as they fall from above
'Cause I still believe
Believe in love
Yes, I still believe
I still believe in love
I still believe
Believe in love